Israel's latest strikes on Gaza have
killed at least 200 Palestinians in the
past 24 hours a bombing at the Alber
refugee camp in the center of the strip
killed eight people gaza's Health
Ministry says dozens of people died in
strikes on the jabalia refugee camp and
town at least 20,200 people have now
been killed in Israel's military
response to the Hamas attack of October
the 7th Terra kabuo hairs the latest
from Rafa in southern Gaza
the Israeli forces today had expanded
the military attacks across separate
areas in Gaza Strip only today during
the last 24 hours more than 200
Palestinians have been killed alongside
within
360 others who have been uh warned the
attacks today included two Palestinian
journalists uh which rise the number of
Palestinians killed uh especially among
journalists to around 100 Palestinian
journalists killed by the Israeli forces
since October the 7th the attacks today
included separate areas across the
territory including the north the middle
areas which was the main concent which
were the main concentration of the
Israeli attacks and also hunas in the
far south of the Gaza Strip now these
attacks had continued despite the
resolution that had made by the United
Nations in terms of scaling up the
humanitarian Aid to the territory as
Palestinians say these are humanitarian
Aid as a significant glimmer of hope for
them to survive and to cope with the
aftermath of the Israel destruction
inside Gaza Strip tar abum Al jazer
rafah in the south of the territory